I believe the work culture marine corps and navy is different from civilian
life in that it focuses on team effort more than anything else
I would I would describe that work effort is much more like a team
sport like baseball or football where there is a great deal of coordination
a great deal of reliance on each other a great deal of doing
what you need to be doing so you won't let the team down. I am kind
of the webmaster and the communications guy for my high school alumni
class, and when I put out a request "please let me know what color
the eyes of your grandchildren" or anything like that, the people
I hear back from the first are my military veterans, because one of
the things you learn in the military is 'we're all in this together,
everybody's got a job to do, and one of my jobs is to make sure that
I don't make anybody else's job harder' so if somebody asked me clean
up your bunk, clean up your bunk because otherwise they can do for
you. If somebody asked me what color eyes do your grandchildren have,
I will I respond right away so that they don't have to come running
down and ask me again. And that's one thing you learn in the military
and that's part of the work culture that I like the most, and
I think it's more the most effective things in the military